I think your bookkeeper paid
for the flatware twice.
Albert, stop.
I can't do this anymore.
Mollie, I love you, you love me.
I know you do.
Of course I love you.
You're a wonderful father.
You're great in bed. You're my
biggest account. But you're married.
I'll never fall in love with
anyone else while I'm seeing you.
You should work with
a different accountant.
You know I'm leaving Beth.
It just takes time.
We talked about it this weekend.
Every time I even say the word
"divorce," she loses five pounds.
I'm sorry she's bulimic.
But I can't spend my life
waiting for you.
It's gonna work out very soon.
Her doctor prescribed mood elevators...
...and she's starting ballet classes.
It'll be just like the playwriting.
No, this is a commitment to something
she knows can't make her fat.
She said when she wrote,
she could feel her ass spreading.
She's insane. She's got
a great behind for a 40-year-old.
Albert.
I'm telling Mr Ross to
give your account to someone else.
I won't let him.
I'll never let anyone else
touch my books.
Oh, God, Mollie.
I'm gonna burst
if you don't kiss me soon.
Follow me. I know where I'm going.
I've got the map. Come on.
Right down here.
Here we go. Keep up, you kids.
Come on. Here we go.
Here we go. There it is.
Wait a minute, I think
I see something. There it is!
I think this is it. Right here.
Yeah, this is definitely it.
This is the place.
Jackpot!
Come on, right down here, kids!
Come on, dig in, you kids.
Here we go!
Kind of tough here.
Oh, I'm in!
I'm in!
Are you okay?
I broke up with George last night.
Who?
We met him in Joe Allen's.
I thought, "I don't want to spend the
rest of my life with someone stupid."
You look lousy, doll.
I have that stomach flu
that's going around.
What stomach flu?
Nobody has the stomach flu.
-They don't?
-No. Nobody's sick.
Want to hear about Albert?
-Listen to what--
-I am.
-Listen.
-I am!
Remember his shrink said Beth wouldn't
get better if he kept seeing me?
-Yeah, a million times.
-Well, he's decided to leave her.
Albert's leaving his wife?
No, he's leaving his shrink.
That's good. She was really starting
to become an obstacle with us.
Who cares if he's leaving his shrink?
He's supposed to leave his wife.
He's going to.
He can't leave her while she's sick.
What's wrong with her?
She's bulimic.
Don't give me that look.
It's a very serious disease.
When you hold
A brand-new baby
You need tender hands
To guide them on their way
You need hands
To thank the Lord for living
And forgiving....
What in the--? Wait a minute.
What do I do with these things?
Look at that, they match!
God! You ate all that already.
It's weird.
I don't even like ice cream.
There he is.
This is so sick.
Look how sweet he looks
with the kids.
If only Beth would
stop throwing up.
Miss Popularity here.
How can you find a husband
if you never go out?
I go out.
I call your apartment any night,
you're in.
-Ma, it's tax season.
-I know it's tax season.
I was studying to be a CPA when
there were no women accountants.
I still managed to dress nicely
and catch your father.
Ma, what would you have done if
Daddy was married when you met him?
-I wouldn't fall in love with him.
-You can't control that.
-Why not?
-You just can't.
Listen. Take your father here.
-What's his favourite food?
-Cheesecake.
-What did Dr Shulkin say?
-Cut back on cholesterol.
So now he doesn't eat cheesecake.
It's the same exact thing.
Ma, that doesn't make any sense.
-You never liked my food before.
-I still don't.
-Something's wrong.
-I'm hungry.
-Nothing's wrong.
-Louie.
-Something's wrong.
-Dad, I didn't eat breakfast.
Something's wrong.
No.
Oh, no.
Yes!
I take it this wasn't
a planned pregnancy.
This wasn't even a planned affair.
Well...
...let's see how far along we are.
Time out. Holy cow, what was that?
Wow, who's that?
How could this have happened?
How old are you now, Mollie?
Thirty-three.
Well, remember,
your biological clock is ticking.
Beth has finally agreed to a divorce.
Oh, Mollie, I'm so glad you waited.
I knew if I was patient,
this day would come.
Remember, your biological clock
is ticking.
Help!
The doctor did say that
my biological clock is ticking.
I know. I'm sorry.
I already said that.
I didn't plan on this,
and I'm not asking for anything.
I don't want to pressure you
or trap you, but this baby...
...it's you and me.
And I'm not getting an abortion.
Mollie, I wasn't gonna ask you
to do that.
This is gonna be an incredible baby.
He'll have your sweet face
and my business sense.
We'll get him a toy adding machine
and little Armani diapers.
It is gonna be a great kid, isn't it?
Having my baby
What a lovely way of saying
How much you love me
I really hate that song.
Albert, I hate that.
Please stop singing that song.
She gets sick, I get sick.
Say, what are you gonna tell people?
Don't worry. I'm gonna say I got
artificially inseminated.
What?
-I thought you'd be happy.
-How could you do such a thing?
It was easy. I went to the clinic,
got frozen sperm, defrosted it...
...inserted it, and I'm pregnant.
So that's it? Now you and
the frozen pop are having a baby?
It's not a frozen pop.
It's not a husband.
Louie, you hear this?
You told me I could control my life.
I decided I want to have a baby.
I don't understand. This is the act of
a girl who's very ugly or a lesbian...
...not a beautiful, intelligent girl
who could have any man she wants.
You never liked my boyfriends.
Where did this sperm come from?
I mean, who's the supplier?
A medical student.
-And?
-And he goes to Columbia.
His parents live on the island.
His father's in piece goods.
His mother works in cosmetics.
She could get you discounts.
So you're making fun of me.
Wait, wait, you'll see.
Someday you'll have children.
Oh, look, look. An arm.
-It's an arm?
-It's an arm.
Look! Isn't it cute?
And here is the head.
Yo, let's get a little apple juice
down here, huh?
Thirsty?
Go ahead.
"The sex organs are moulded
out of similar tissue folds.
By the second trimester,
one can identify the vulva or penis."
Look! Another little arm
coming in down there.
What's it doing way down there?
Now, how am I gonna
get that in my mouth?
Miss? Miss? Excuse me.
-What can I do for you?
-Albert is expecting me.
He's in with his decorator.
You can wait over there.
Where am I going?
I think you're going to enjoy it.
I'm sure I will.
Remember to dust it every day.
See you later.
Hi.
Come on in.
Do you think that
that other woman out there is pretty?
No, you're pretty.
No, I look like a big fat pilgrim.
How do you like the desk?
It's made of stone from the Yucatán.
Beautiful, isn't it?
It's all right.
It'll be great in here.
The fountain stays the same,
but this is all going.
I'm gonna have this custom-made
mural of an ancient Navajo design.
And this family of leather craftsmen
in Mexico is making all new couches.
What do you think?
I like the deco stuff.
You shouldn't gain too much weight.
My doctor says my weight is fine.
Beth only gained 21 pounds.
Gee, you don't say?
She jogged three miles a day
until a week before Astrid was born.
What a champ!
Maybe you should marry her.
Don't start.
You're not the only one with problems.
I'm sorry, Albert.
I'm afraid of giving birth.
I've never been big on pain.
Are you practising your Lamaze?
-I quit.
-You quit?
It's just a bunch of breathing.
Give it a chance.
It's better for the baby.
-When Beth had Priscilla--
-I'm sick of hearing about Beth!
Beth, Beth, Beth!
I don't see how you could love someone
like her and love someone like me.
I have a business degree,
she took belly-dancing lessons.
I buy medical insurance,
she buys magic crystals.
When I found out I was pregnant,
I made out a will.
When Beth had the girls,
she had a reading of their past lives.
I just don't get it, Albert.
And to top it off,
you're still with her!
Oh, yeah?
Look at this receipt.
-"Galleria Apartments."
-I moved out.
-What?
-I did it.
I put down a deposit.
I've got my own place on 57th.
I can't believe it!
-Should I come by tonight?
-You better not.
We gotta be very careful
just a little longer.
Oh, Albert, I'm so happy.
Does this store have a bathroom?
-You just went two stores ago.
-I have to go again.
I love this.
It takes two of them to cover me.
Yeah, but you're having a baby.
You try it on.
I want a baby.
Should I have one with Neal?
You love him?
No.
Try some Nobel Prize winner sperm.
Get out of here. Nobel Prize winners
ejaculating in jars?
Give it a thought.
Don't you want a smart baby?
That's all I need, a baby telling me
what an idiot I am.
Like I don't get
enough of that at work.
I am so lucky. I found
a nice, handsome family man.
Except it's someone else's family.
But he left because he loves me
and we're having a baby.
Stop that!
Sounds like the people
in the next compartment are.
-Mollie.
-Albert.
Mollie, let me explain!
This I gotta hear.
These dresses haven't been paid for.
I'm gonna call the cops if you don't
move the dresses back in. Now.
Thank you. After you. Thank you.
Albert, what's going on?
I've fallen in love.
Beth knows all about it.
I'm gonna live with Melissa.
I don't know if it'll last or what.
It just happened
and I had to act on it.
How can this be?
Why didn't you say anything to me?
I didn't want to upset you
so close to the end of your pregnancy.
I don't believe this is happening.
This sounds awful, but I'm going
through a selfish phase right now.
A selfish phase?
I admit the timing is bad.
It's not like I planned on it.
It just happened.
A selfish phase?! You dick!
Stupid dipshit!
You lousy prick!
Come on, come on.
Hey, what the--?
Wait, please, I'm in labour.
I was here first.
Come on, buddy, cut me some slack.
Asshole!
Taxi! Please!
St. Jerome's Hospital.
Oh, shit!
Slow down. The first stage of labour
can take hours.
So can midtown traffic.
Pull over till the ludes wear off!
God! You idiot!
Come on, move it!
Can't you go faster?
We're going as fast as we can.
I can't move the cars.
Hold my hand. Bear down.
That's what they say in the hospital.
Move it!
God, my water just broke!
Hey, buddy, move it!
Come on, let's go. You can't
get through here. Come around.
I got an emergency!
Sorry, buddy, move it.
Relax, we're almost there.
You're gonna hit--!
Hold on.
You stupid son of a--!
-Oh, God!
-Are you doing your Lamaze?
Look out!
Come on, breathe deep.
Don't help me. Just drive.
Lamaze works. My sister-in-law
used it, you don't use drugs.
-It's better for the kid.
-Men say that...
...because they're idiots!
Do you want me to call your husband?
-I don't have a husband!
-Your boyfriend?
If you have to know,
I was artificially inseminated.
What are you, a lesbo?
Stupid jerk! My kid will probably
be brain damaged because of you!
Don't touch me!
I want to have this baby
without you touching me.
-I'm in labour.
-Do you have your card?
You're parked in a loading zone.
I left it in my bag.
Get it out of here!
This is my first baby.
I don't know what to do.
She's getting close.
Get her upstairs.
I didn't finish this. I didn't finish.
I cannot do my job--
The first thing you gotta do is
put these things on over your clothes.
But I'm not the father.
Nurse, another one's coming.
Deep breaths. Come on.
Okay, this will pass. Watch the head.
I need drugs.
Breathe slower. This isn't aerobics.
Fuck my breathing!
You gotta calm down or I'll have to
get the exorcist in here.
Give me drugs!
No, you don't want drugs.
Yes, I do.
I'm gonna split in two.
Do something.
By the time they take effect,
she could be delivering.
What about now?
The doctor's on the way. I can't
do anything without his consent.
Are you a doctor? Come on.
-Water break?
-Half-hour ago.
-Dilation?
-Five, six.
Are we doing our Lamaze?
I'm really trying,
but I dropped out of Lamaze.
But I'll go to summer school
if you make the pain stop.
Demerol to take
the edge off contractions?
Oh, yes, that'd be great.
I'd really like that.
Give me a lot of it so it doesn't...
...wear off
in the middle of the birth.
Give me more than usual...
...because I'm in more pain
than most of your patients.
How long before it kicks in?
-Give me enough that it'll last.
-Hold on, there we go.
There we go.
Thank you a really lot.
Now that is a little more like it.
Hey, here's Mr Hand here.
Now, that is very cosmic.
I don't understand.
What's that little light down there?
That's it, breathe.
That's it. Thattagirl.
Push. One more.
Don't push. Stop with the pushing.
I'm falling!
Help! Help!
Oh, no, put me back in.
Put me back in, please.
Let go of my head and put me back in!
It's a boy.
Who's that? Who's that?
Who are you? Oh, no!
Lady, I'm freezing. I'm so cold.
Let's be reasonable.
Get that thing away from me.
Do you want to do the cord?
-Don't give that to him.
-You take this one.
Let's talk about-- I need that!
Lady, you in the grey, a blanket,
something. I'm frosty out here.
Hey, no. Don't do that. Don't put--
Get it out of my--!
Where are we going now?
Hey, don't drop me.
Very nice.
Hi.
Lady, I don't know about you,
but I'm beat.
So you're the one
that's been kicking me.
You were the one that ate
all that spicy food.
This has to be the weirdest thing
that ever happened to me.
Well, so far.
I don't get it.
I just don't get it, and I don't like it.
Where did I go wrong?
Where the hell are my thumbs?
I want to suck my thumbs!
I gotta get my own place.
I did not think I'd be
reincarnated this quickly.
What a surprise!
Boy.
Who stole my sucking thing!
I need my sucking thing!
Just remember, I hate childhood.
Look at all those daddies
down there...
...making goofball faces
and taking pictures of their babies.
Well, you won't find your father here.
I really messed things up for you.
Don't be upset
because I'm gonna find you a daddy.
This time I'll be smart about it.
I won't go for some handsome guy
just because I'm in love with him.
You're all that matters to me.
And I'm gonna go out there, and I'm
gonna get you the best daddy there is.
Out, down, in, out.
Well, I got that.
What you got there, little face?
A hand? Did you find a hand?
Yeah, I got two of them.
Oh, my God!
Oh, God....
"On the third or fourth postpartum day,
your breasts may swell slightly."
"Slightly"?
I look like a Russ Meyer movie.
Workman.
Oh, no.
Sorry.
Real nice.
-You got your figure back.
-This isn't my figure.
You got Dolly Parton's figure back.
Sorry I hit you and yelled at you
the other day.
I was in a lot of pain.
I know I still owe you that cab fare.
But somebody stole my purse
at the hospital.
How you doing, pal?
How do you like New York?
It's my kind of town.
This is a crummy tip,
but I'll get back to you later.
Wait a minute.
How did you know where I lived?
You left it in the cab.
Thanks.
-You never look through it.
-Why do you say that?
You're still carrying your diaphragm.
Don't smoke that around my baby!
There's a 62 percent higher rate
of getting cancer...
...for non-smokers who live
with smokers.
So you don't want me to move in yet?
I don't know. What do you think?
Did the drugs have any effect on him?
How did you know I had drugs?
I don't. I didn't. It's just....
You can tell in his eyes.
He looks stoned.
He doesn't look stoned!
He looks perfect.
You don't look so hot yourself.
Squeeze a thing as big as a watermelon
out of an opening as big as a lemon...
...and see how hot you look.
I should call my mother more often.
Get it?
You want a sub?
No. Will you just watch him
while I change clothes?
Don't take him out of his chair,
and don't touch him a whole lot.
-How are you, Mikey? I'm James.
-Hey, James.
-Good to meet you.
-Can I suck on that?
Sweet.
So how long you been here?
About five years.
In the same apartment?
Yes.
Were you born in New York?
Yeah. What are you,
with the Census Bureau or something?
Do you like the outside world?
You spend nine months
trying to get out...
...and the rest of your life
trying to get back in.
Yeah, tell me about it.
This? This here is your first lesson
in coffee.
With nothing in it, it's black coffee.
Can you say "black coffee"?
Then there's coffee regular.
That means two sugars and milk.
Which they forgot.
So can I borrow some of yours?
Coffee regular. I love it.
That's breast milk.
Why didn't you tell me?
Hey, man, you're on your own.
I'll see you guys later, okay?
I'm gonna take my sub and my breast
milk and I'm gonna get out of here.
Be cool, James.
Okay, fellas, I got something
cold and wet in my shorts down here.
Can you get somebody for me? Guys?
Listen, fellas?
You guys are no help.
I'm cold and wet
and there's nothing I can do.
It's okay, Mikey. Mommy's here.
Very nice.
That mommy person's here again.
She's okay. I like her.
That's a good boy.
Let me get this straight: I start
crying and she comes in with a bottle.
Crying.
I can definitely handle crying.
Taxi!
"Due to changing hormones,
over 80 percent of all women...
...experience postpartum depression."
I'm not gonna.
Like many parents, I can't always be
home for a loved one's birthday.
Help, help! Somebody burp me
before I blow up.
Thank you.
That's it. You have
some exotic baby disease...
...and I look like the lead
in Night of the Living Dead.
And your father deserted us so that
he could pork his interior decorator.
I think you can safely say
that it can't get any worse.
Hello!
I was wrong.
Where's my grandson?
There he is.
Hello, Mikey. Do you know who I am?
No, actually, I don't.
I'm your grandma!
Okay, lady. If you say so,
you're my grandma.
-Yes, I am.
-So, what do you want from me?
Who's got a wet tushy?
I give up.
Tushy, tushy, tushy....
After a new diaper, I really like some
of that white stuff on me. All right?
Have you got it? There it is.
Put some on me. Come on.
Just give it to me and I'll put it on.
Let me get my hands on it
and I'll put it on.
-There we go.
-You put way too much powder on him.
Why don't you get out of this house?
I'm gonna give Mikey a little bath.
We're gonna have a "bubba."
A what?
Oh, yeah, she's gone.
If love didn't exist, what guy
would you get to be your kid's father?
Someone with a small mouth
and good hair, broad shoulders--
No, what kind of man do you want to
stick around and help raise your child?
Are there men who do that?
I know what I'm looking for.
A guy who's not married,
not into drugs, not an alcoholic...
...not a deadbeat, but who doesn't
work 20 hours a day.
-And cute.
-Cute is not a consideration.
Come on!
Cute is of absolutely no importance.
You're my first date
since my baby was born.
This looks delicious.
I've heard great things--
Helen, or whatever....
What is this?
I asked for well-done. This is raw.
I asked for no dressing!
This is covered with slop.
Are you deaf?
Who do you have to kill to get those
rolls I see on the other tables?
A "C" in algebra?
How many times did we go over and over
and over and over those logarithms?
What are you, some kind of an idiot?
I've never dated anyone
from the health club before.
But I said, "What the hell?
You gotta take a chance sometime."
I'm not so sure about that.
Excuse me. This fork is dirty,
this plate looks spotty...
...and there's something
floating around in this water.
Have you checked your water?
Mikey, what is this mess?
Why are white socks in the same row
with coloured socks?
And what are school shirts doing
mixed up with after-school shirts?
You're not going anywhere till
this is straightened up.
-Hi.
-Hey.
-Somebody call for a cab?
-Yeah. Small world.
More mail for Vincent Ubriacco.
-I don't even know him.
-Let me have them.
All you do is put them up here
and the postman will take care of them.
Good to see you.
It's good seeing you too.
See you.
You son of a bitch!
You're stealing my mail!
-I am not.
-What's in your pocket?
-They're mine.
-You got it out of my mailbox!
No, look, I sent them here.
Can I explain?
Do it fast, or I'll call the police.
My grandfather, Vincent, has been
kicked out of an old-age home.
I found a place for him in Manhattan.
But I'm not a resident.
I live in Englewood. So....
You used my address
to set up residency.
Yeah. Well, that's-- Yeah.
-I could have you arrested for this.
-For what?
Screwing with the mail is
a federal offence.
Stealing mail is a federal offence,
not screwing with it.
-Can I get the other letters?
-No.
-Why not?
-I don't want to get involved.
I go out of my way
to bring back your purse...
...so you don't have to cancel
your credit cards.
Thank you very much.
This is illegal.
And I don't want to get caught.
You're not gonna get caught.
I'll do something for you.
Like what?
I'll babysit.
Come on. You don't know how
to take care of a baby.
I do. I practically brought up
my sister's kids.
I know a lot about babies.
All right, then. Friday nights.
No, I can't do it. Friday's out.
Then forget the whole deal.
Friday's okay, but that's it.
And during my aerobics classes.
I said that's it.
One aerobics class.
Saturday.
-Can't do it.
-Why?
-I teach.
-What to you teach? Taxi Driver's Ed?
That's not funny.
All right, here's the deal.
Friday nights, two aerobics classes,
and no chicks over.
No, don't give in.
You're pushing it.
All right, it's a deal.
Sucker.
Good.
-No milk.
-Don't force-feed him like that.
-I'm not. He needs a nap.
-No naps.
It doesn't look like it.
A baby doesn't know what he needs.
He knows he's not tired.
You tired?
No, man, I'm not tired at all.
If he doesn't take a nap,
then he will wake up...
...and want to eat
when it's time to sleep.
Yeah, you need a nap.
-Who says?
-All those doctors.
All those doctors. They write a book,
they want to sell a book.
Dr Spock doesn't just want to
sell a book.
Dr Spock loves us.
During the Vietnam War, Dr Spock....
You're funny.
I'm sorry I said anything
about Dr Spock, okay?
I can't believe she's so upset
about a Vulcan.
Big ears, no emotions, right?
Got the letters?
They're in the hallway.
Mommy's asleep.
Watch this.
Mikey, what do you say you and me
take a ride so your mother can sleep?
-Is that a deal?
-Just bring milk.
-Can you say "deal"?
-Deal. Grab that milk.
-Can you say "Such a deal"?
-There you go.
See that? That's my cab.
I do this to make money,
but not for long.
Okay, Mikey.
This is called driving.
When you get older, I'll teach you.
Let's see.
First you put the little stick
in a hole. It makes a loud noise.
Then you move your foot back
and forth. I got that. What next?
You move the big circle
around and around.
No problem.
I can do this. I can drive.
That silver plane is a Beech 18.
That's a cool plane.
That big plane is a Viscount,
a British plane.
-Hey, Carrie.
-Hi there, handsome.
What a sweetie!
Is it yours?
Yeah, but we don't know
who the real mother is.
Carrie, I'm kidding.
Is this my schedule?
There's nothing on it.
I'm sorry, Jimmy.
These things come in different sizes?
What are these, jumbos?
Look at you staring. You must be
thinking the same thing I am.
Lunch.
Mikey?
I want to report a missing baby.
I don't actually know if he's missing.
Maybe he was kidnapped.
Or maybe he's with a person
who is a complete idiot.
Hey, Grandpa.
It's Grandpa.
Do I know you?
That's right.
Attaboy, Clarence.
-Jimmy!
-Grandpa.
I don't remember you having a baby.
I don't. I'm taking care of him
for a friend.
You sure it's not yours?
I got more teeth than him.
What are those hairy jobs
over your eyes? Yikes!
Let me see those.
Let me try and grab one.
There we go. How does that feel?
Lay off him.
What a crackup.
-Honey, I'm home.
-Me too.
You're up.
My baby!
Honey, honey, honey.
The mommy and her baby.
Stupid idiot! I called the police!
I was worried out of my mind.
You knew I was with him.
How do I know you're not a kidnapper?
Do you read milk cartons?
I was babysitting for you.
That means the baby stays here
and you sit!
-Damn it!
-What?
-I got a splinter.
-Let me see it.
Got a needle?
In there.
All right. Let's see what we can do.
Sit down.
There we go.
Oh, stop.
If you don't hold still,
I can't do this.
-It doesn't hurt.
-It hurts!
Don't do it that way.
You're poking me too hard!
Hold still or I can't get it out.
-It hurts.
-It can't hurt that much.
How do you know? It's stuck in me.
That does hurt!
There you go. Look at that.
That's a big one, huh?
I've never had one that big in me.
All better.
I better put Mikey down for his nap.
Mikey, I gotta go, buddy.
I'll see you.
Ready? High-five.
Low-five.
Baby-five.
Bye, kid. Later.
-Who was that?
-The babysitter.
The babysitter.
I just want to know one thing.
He's not the frozen pop, is he?
-Ma.
-All right, give me the baby.
When I grow up to be a man
Will I dig the same things
That turned me on as a kid
Will I joke around
And still dig those sounds
When I grow up to be a man
Will my kids be proud
If their old man's really a square?
When they're out having fun
Yeah, will I still climb out my chair?
Will I love my mom
For the rest of my life
When I grow up to be a man
What will I be
-Ma?
-What?
Do you ever get bored with Daddy?
Are you kidding?
How could I get bored with Daddy?
You were right.
Mikey does need a father.
I go out with guys,
and they're not good enough for him.
-Mikey will like whoever you like.
-But I don't like anybody.
You know what the secret is?
Find someone you have things
in common with. Like Daddy and me.
We're both accountants,
we like diners...
...and we like to go to the movies.
I just thought of someone perfect.
No, Ma, please.
He's in Daddy's firm.
He's handsome, smart...
...and he scored in the top 10 percent
when he took the CPA exam.
You'll love him.
Hello! Rosie didn't tell me
you were beautiful.
That's usually the first thing
she tells people.
But thank you. Come on in.
Thanks.
This is my son, Michael.
I've gotta get dressed,
so make yourself comfortable.
How you doing, little guy?
-Who's this yutz?
-What you watching?
Watching some TV?
Let me show you.
Hey, don't touch that.
Football?
I don't want to watch football.
It's the bear show! Look at that.
Leave it on football.
I told you, leave that alone.
Guy's a good actor.
Cut it out. It's the playoffs.
Hey.
-You dick.
-Cut it out.
Baby! Hot mama.
You are such a goofball!
Don't I look good?
You look slightly cute.
What are you all dressed up for?
Oh, baby, I got myself
a hot date tonight.
You better call your hot date.
I don't know how late I'll be.
-You're going out with an accountant?
-Yes.
9:30, tops.
Don't count on it.
My woman will wait for me all night.
Harry, this is James, the babysitter.
I'll get my coat.
-Harry.
-How you doing, James?
-Just watching the game.
-I got money on this game.
-I understand you're an accountant.
-I'm a CPA.
You and Mollie will get along great.
She's a CPA too.
I know. Her mom told me.
It's gotta be tough being
a mom and a CPA.
I don't know.
But Mollie's a tough girl.
Tough?
First of all, she hates it
when guys open doors for her...
...or pick up the tab
or pay for things.
-Really pisses her off.
-Really?
She's liberated, huh?
Liberated? Come on.
A guy babysitter?
Come here, Mikey.
Say bye-bye to Mama.
Mikey. Mikey!
Do this.
Give it back!
This is really embarrassing.
May I just say one thing?
It's none of my business,
but I think you look better without it.
-I do too.
-It's sexy.
-Really?
-Oh, yeah.
All right, I'll leave it off.
-Great.
-Come on.
Bye-bye. See you.
High-five.
Yeah. All right.
Who was that clown?
The thing was...
...I was feeling very uncomfortable.
I had this kind of...
...bloated, gassy,
like a belchy sensation.
I would get to the bathroom...
...and I would sit down
and nothing would happen.
Nothing would come out.
So I called my doctor...
...which I think
would have been two or....
No, three weeks after
the symptoms started. He said:
"Come in and have an ultrasound."
I said, "Fine."
What was I saying?
-Ultrasound.
-Right, okay.
So I had the ultrasound,
and they checked it out.
It wasn't gallstones.
The doctor says, "We don't know
what it is." Blah, blah, blah.
"You better have an upper GI."
So I had the upper GI.
By the way, I have to ask you this.
Have you ever had a barium enema?
Not recently.
It's really disgusting.
But I did get to see my colon on TV.
Is it true that colons look
10 pounds heavier on TV?
How do you mean?
They never do that for me.
Come on, get on my knee.
Hold it, hold it. Okay.
Get down!
Yeah, I could do that.
Let's walk.
I'm dancing. I'm bad. Yeah!
Check me out now.
Okay, jump.
Hey! Could I get paid?
Two, please.
Thank you.
You ready?
I'm gonna throw up, but I like it!
Okay, shake it off.
All right, right on.
Ready?
Shake it, baby.
Come on, aeroplane.
Ready to go.
Mikey's a plane.
All right.
Finally, thank God,
I passed the damn stone.
It's the most excruciating pain
you can have, next to giving birth.
-I had a really good time tonight.
-I bet you did.
A lot of guys would feel
very threatened...
...by a woman being so liberated and
paying for everything, but I enjoy it.
What?
Your babysitter gave me
some helpful hints.
-Oh, he did, did he?
-Yeah, he did.
Come here.
-I really have to go up now.
-Just for a little while.
-It's early.
-Yeah, but I'm broke.
Jerk.
Shit!
I'm home.
You can go on your date now.
-Hey, Mikey!
-Hey, Sarah. How you doing?
I want to talk to you.
-Where you going?
-On the run.
Right back at you, babe.
Good to see you.
Hiya, Mikey.
Is that a new hat, or is it time
to change the bandage?
Hey, Megan, good to see you.
Mikey, where you been?
Did you get your hair cut?
Something's different.
What do you think?
I really don't like it.
My mother did it herself, of course.
You're crazy. It looks great.
It really becomes you.
It used to have curls at the end.
It was so cute.
I was the girl with the cute curls,
and now they're gone.
And I don't think
they're gonna grow back.
I look like a boy.
No offence or anything. Bye.
Great talking to you.
I got another one.
Stop me if you heard it.
How many babies does it take
to screw in a light bulb?
How many?
What's a light bulb?
I don't get it.
Hey, where's she going?
Who's that big guy?
Who is it?
That's okay. That's her daddy.
She's gonna go with her daddy.
What's a daddy? What do they do?
You know, the big man-types,
and they hang around with mommies?
I get it. Maybe I'll ask James
to be my daddy.
Now we'll eat our pudding down
I still ain't eating it.
Yummy! Yummy!
All right, don't look at Mommy.
You gotta love her.
--survive
When these little minds
Tear you in two
What a town without pity can do
No, it isn't very pretty
What a town without--
Watch this, Mikey.
Can do
Now, that's entertainment.
Not in front of Mikey.
Look at the look on his face.
He looks like his father.
You said you were
artificially inseminated.
I was. But I never make that face,
so I assume his father does.
You know what I was gonna do today
that I thought you'd enjoy?
Take my grandfather to his new home.
You helped him get in there.
You thought I'd enjoy that?
You'd enjoy it, and maybe
you'd sign some papers for me.
You are such a baby. If you want me
to do something, just ask.
Would you come with me
to sign those papers?
-Yes.
-Thank you.
That's how you handle a woman, Mikey.
Oh, really?
-Want to go to lunch?
-Okay.
Northeastern Life Insurance gives
their employees free lunches.
-We'll get caught.
-Nah!
I know 20 different ways
to get free lunch in this town.
You do this a lot?
Sure. I don't pay for LDs, either.
I hate to even ask.
What's an LD?
Long-distance phone call.
I go to these big companies
that got receptionists...
...and pretend I'm a lost messenger.
They let me use their phone.
I call my mom, my brothers. Terrific.
I wouldn't be driving a cab
if I could make money instructing.
How much do flight instructors make?
If I really hustle, about $1100.
-A week?
-No, a month.
Why do you even bother?
Because I get to accumulate air-time.
Give me my bag! Give me my bag!
Grandpa, he's not stealing our bags.
-I got my teeth in there!
-Your teeth are coming with us.
-Tell him not to touch my teeth.
-I will. Don't touch his teeth.
Welcome, Gramps.
-We stopping for a bite to eat?
-No, this is your new place.
-They got good shrimp here.
-Yeah, but try the lobster.
-This is it. Enjoy your stay.
-Thank you.
Grandpa, this is great!
This is great. Look at this.
You got a terrific view.
You got no roommate to bug you,
colour television. Look at that.
Can I talk to you?
He loves sugar. This is enough candy
to last him a month.
Give him one candy bar a day.
That's it.
Don't let him find it
or he'll eat it all.
No problem.
Smells good, huh?
Grandpa, it smells good.
I'd like to see you eat it.
Watch this.
Let me try that.
What do you want?
Mollie helped us get into this place.
Women have thousands more nerves
in their sexual organs than men.
-I bet the kid's not even yours.
-Now, that's it. Be nice.
Oh, my God.
This guy's worse at this than I am.
Here, let me give you a hand.
Open up. Come on, taste it.
Open wide. There we go!
-Thanks for helping me.
-You're welcome.
Want to go flying?
No, that would be
too expensive for you.
If I say it's a maintenance flight,
it's free.
You get everything for free.
Free long-distance phone calls,
free lunches. You're a scam artist.
I got the town wired, don't I?
Think about it. If we were poor,
we could still live like kings.
Fly with me.
I'm not that kind of person.
-Come on.
-It's just not my deal.
-You scared?
-No, I'm not scared.
Where are the parachutes?
Parachutes?
No, there are no parachutes.
No parachutes?
Didn't you ever see Sweet Dreams?
The Buddy Holly Story? La Bamba?
There's one big difference here.
They were rock legends. You're not.
Are you sure
your wing's not smoking?
Oh, my God!
Just kidding.
It was a joke to relax you.
I'm so nervous.
I feel so out of control.
This is what we'll do.
I'm gonna give you your first lesson.
-Put your hand on my stick.
-I don't want to.
-Just put it on my stick.
-No.
This is not a sexual thing.
Put it on my stick.
That feels good, baby.
I'm just teasing.
Get familiar with the stick.
You'll be fine.
-You're flying.
-I'm not.
-I'm flying!
-That's it.
I'm flying.
-I'm doing a good job. This is easy!
-Yes, you are.
Oh, God, what a good sensation.
It's like great sex, isn't it?
I personally wouldn't remember.
He's pretty tired, huh?
Yeah, he's had a busy day.
-Want to watch a movie?
-Want a drink?
-If there's a good movie on.
-Yeah, a beer--
Stop it, stop it!
Stop yelling!
Your father will give you
something to yell about!
Hey, knock it off!
Princess, you're making
my mouth water.
I'm hungry.
Hold your horses,
or I'll knock you to kingdom come.
Is that any way for a royal family
to behave? I don't think so.
Look what I found in that dumpster
behind the supermarket.
A perfectly good head of lettuce.
All you got to do
is peel off the outside.
Who wants a surprise?
-I do. I do.
Could be lunch meat,
could be peaches. Who knows?
Even though it's free don't mean
it's no good. Right, princess?
You're right, honey.
I told you we'd live like kings.
You sure did.
Again, again.
Do it again!
Again! Again!
Wait a minute!
I'm sorry. I really am.
-I really do want this.
-I do too.
-It's Mikey.
-He's asleep.
I have to be clear
in the choices I make.
I can't get all swept up
in sex and emotion.
That's how I got in trouble.
I can't be like a teenager
who falls for someone...
...then realises it was a mistake.
The one who gets hurt is Mikey.
I'm crazy about Mikey and about you.
Please don't hate me.
I know I was leading you on.
You're such a good kisser,
and I haven't had sex in a long time.
Goodbye. Please.
Goodbye.
-Mollie, can I talk to you?
-Yeah?
Could you hold, please?
Let me ask you a question,
between you and me.
What's with you and Chubby Charles?
-What do you mean?
-What do I mean?
Perlman's doing the bank records.
Rubenstein did
the corporate quarterlies.
And now there's an extension
on Albert's return.
What's with you and Chubby Charles?
I made up my work
from my maternity leave.
I traded Rubenstein two accounts
for the Chubby Charles' account...
...because I can't do it anymore.
It's personal.
I don't understand.
We're accountants. We're not personal.
-But I don't think that you--
-You've been his accountant for years.
Now when he needs you the most,
you desert him?
-You don't understand--
-I want you up there tomorrow.
And that's final.
Don't give me that look.
And you, showtime's over.
Get back to work.
Mollie, you have to give me
a second chance.
These past months
have been a bad dream.
I felt so guilty
leaving Beth and the girls.
Albert, you have been such an asshole.
If we got back together,
I'd torture you for the rest of your life.
That's okay, I want you to.
Oh, Mollie, Mollie, Mollie....
-What?
-I'll burst if I don't kiss you soon.
Tough.
Albert can see you now.
Mollie....
-How's Mickey?
-Mikey.
-Is he talking yet?
-No.
-Crawling?
-Yes.
The first time Astrid crawled--
I'm not interested in anecdotes
starring you as the good father.
I've been meaning to talk to you.
I'm here to do your taxes, not talk.
"Bloomingdale's," "eyelash tinting,"
"body wraps," "facials--"
You can't deduct this crap.
Could the personal exercise instructor
be a medical expense?
Did she suffer injuries
that needed therapy?
-No.
-Then you can't.
So what's the little woman been up to?
Is Priscilla sick?
Why all these doctor bills?
Her therapy. Beth's been
communicating with the dead.
It was really frightening for Priscilla.
We're all seeing
a psychiatrist together.
I've been learning a lot.
I'm happy for you.
I know you've been through a lot.
But you gotta believe I love you.
I never wanted anything bad to happen
to you. But I realise it did.
It took you $20,000
to figure that out?
-Do you have a picture of Mickey?
-Mikey!
I'm sorry. I'm very nervous.
I think about you and Mikey every day.
You'd never know it from our end.
I try to call every day
and I can't do it.
I'm too ashamed to say anything,
and I'm too afraid of what you'll say.
I've been so confused.
He has my eyes.
I know he does.
It's very confusing to love someone so
much who looks like someone you hate.
Can I see him, Mollie? Please?
All right.
I'll be home later on this evening.
Next time you talk to your mom,
put in a good word for me.
Want a hit?
Hit me.
Again.
-No, no. Yeah?
-Hit it again.
-All right.
-I know what I'm doing.
One for me.
Damn! You won again.
I told you I could play.
Listen, I've been thinking
about this Daddy business.
I want you to be my daddy.
I'll tell Mommy about it.
Who is it?
-Is Mollie here?
-She's at aerobics class.
Call in an hour.
-Is Mikey here?
-Who are you?
-I'm his father.
-Father?
Are you the sperm donor?
Sperm donor? I'm the kid's father.
He has no father.
He's from artificial insemination.
That's ridiculous. Mollie and I
have been going out for years.
How do you think I have the key?
I don't know, but we're changing it.
-Hey.
-What? What?
That's my kid in there. Let me by.
If you're the father,
you can answer a few questions for me.
-When was he born?
-July 3rd.
His favourite cereal?
-I don't know.
-Cheerios.
His favourite stuffed animal?
-Fred.
-Right.
No, Barney.
How many diapers does
he go through a day? Six.
Who's his favourite rock star?
Michael Jackson.
Shouldn't a father know these things?
How much does she pay you,
$5 an hour?
-Go play some video games.
-Don't give me that shit!
Punk.
Come on, "Dad." Let's go.
Go for the body!
Get out of here.
Come on, get out.
Oh, yes. That feels good.
What happened?
Who's Albert?
Why, was he here?
Is he Mikey's father?
What?
You lied to me about
the artificial-insemination crap.
He was married.
I couldn't tell anyone.
Do you love him?
Do you?
-What?
-Do you love him?
I don't know.
I don't know who I love.
And it doesn't matter. The only thing
that matters is who's best for Mikey.
And Albert is
successful, responsible...
...and he's good to his other kids.
I don't want him seeing Mikey.
Oh, no. Don't start
pulling this on me!
He's his son. He has a right
to see him anytime he wants.
Where has he been all year?
This has nothing to do with you.
You are not his father.
I'm the closest thing he's got.
Oh, please. Look at you.
You're like a big kid.
You think you're responsible enough
to be a father?
Responsible?
You call getting pregnant
by a married guy responsible?
-Stop it!
-You stop.
-You stop!
-You stop. I've seen you use Mikey...
...to push guys away,
and now you're doing it to me.
That's it! I've had it.
-Get out!
-I live here!
I know it!
Can a person past
a certain age change?
Sure. Look at Daddy.
His high-density lipids
went from 230 to 185.
I'm not talking about cholesterol.
Can someone go through a bad phase
and then be nicer?
That I don't know about.
When you met Daddy at that vets' dance,
how'd you know he'd be a good father?
I didn't. I liked the way
he looked in his uniform.
Didn't they all look good?
No, I didn't like the sailors
in their bell-bottoms.
You married a man because
he looked cute in a uniform?
You had no idea if he was
a mature, responsible person.
If I thought like that, we wouldn't
have survived the first week.
And that was some week.
You're grossing me out.
Don't talk about sex and Daddy.
Gerber face, high-five.
Yeah.
Look, Mikey....
I can't come around
to see you anymore.
-What's the matter?
-It's your mom.
She has this crazy idea that I wouldn't
make a good enough father for you.
Whatever that is.
She wouldn't have picked
my father either.
I think he did an okay job, but....
Want to hear some fatherly advice?
Okay, I'll write you a cheque.
When I was 3...
...he said, "Don't hit girls,
even if they're asking for it."
What'd he say about pushing them?
Then he said, "Finish your meat.
You know how much that cost?"
And let's see-- Oh, yeah.
The one that sticks out the most,
though, was probably:
"If your friends jump off the Brooklyn
Bridge, does that mean you got to?"
I still use that one. To this day,
I still use that piece of advice.
Doesn't amount to much, does it?
I think being a good father...
...is keeping the mother happy
so she doesn't drive the kids crazy.
She called me a big kid.
She's probably right.
You're 1 year old and probably
my best friend in the world.
Anyway...
...I'll miss you.
Don't be sad. Here, take this.
No, I want you to have it.
Okay. Thanks.
Don't worry,
it'll take good care of you.
We're gonna see Daddy.
Oh, great.
I was just thinking about James.
You have to look fantastic.
The blue or the lamb?
Neither. They both look pretty lame.
The lamb?
Not lamb, lame!
Please don't make me
wear clothes with animals on them.
I don't like this.
It makes me look stupid.
You look great.
I feel like a retard.
Hey, look at this room!
Look at these guys!
I bet I can take those apart.
It doesn't look--
Little metal things.
Where can I stick them?
Right there in those little holes.
-Mollie.
-Who's this?
Hi. This must be Mikey.
Hi, fella! What you doing?
What you doing?
Aren't you--?
-How about a little milk in your eye?
-Damn it!
Bull's-eye!
It's just milk. It won't stain.
Give me the bottle, Mikey.
That's a good boy.
He's beautiful, Mollie.
He looks just like you.
People say that. I don't see it.
I know the circumstances
you had him under were terrible.
But when I see him,
I know it wasn't a mistake.
I bet he's glad to hear that.
You'll never escape, Skeletor.
Come back here with my grape.
Don't do that!
What'd I do?
People find themselves in situations
they can't always get out of.
What are you saying?
Mikey, don't touch.
Well, all right.
I'm saying I still love you
and I still want you.
And Mikey?
You can always count on me
if there's anything you need for him.
I need a father for him.
I've gotta be honest.
I'm living alone for the first time
in 17 years. I'm in therapy.
I can't be anybody's father now.
I need to be by myself now.
I've raised my kids.
Raised them? They're 11 and 9.
Have they moved out and gotten jobs?
Too much fruit.
Well, it wouldn't be fair to Mikey.
Is he taking a dump?
No, he's thinking real hard.
Come on.
Let's get you cleaned up.
Why don't you use
the washroom in back, Mollie?
What will I tell him
when he asks about his daddy?
No! Not him!
I want James to be the daddy.
Don't do that here.
That's a $10,000 desk.
Now it's junk!
Goddamn it, I'm trying to be honest.
I thought you'd understand.
Of course I do.
I am a very understanding person.
I understand you are going
through a selfish phase.
And I know you'll understand that I am
going through a destructive phase.
Let's trash the place.
Take that, Tonto.
I'm sorry I made you wear
that stupid outfit.
And I'm sorry you had
to meet that mean man.
You'll never have to see him again.
Every time I take you someplace,
everybody says how cute you are.
Naturally.
The one person who has a genetic bond
treats you like a jerk.
Let me try it now.
Everybody loves you.
The kids at the playground.
Ma loves you, Rona loves you...
...everybody at work loves you.
James loves you.
Mikey, do you love James?
Give him a call.
What, honey?
You want to play telephone?
Call him.
Hello?
It's for you.
You take this one, I'll take
the other one. Be right back.
Hello.
This is Lou Franklin. I got
a problem with your grandfather.
He's become abusive and violent.
You'll have to pick him up.
I'll have to call Health and Welfare.
-No, don't. I'll be right there.
-See you soon.
-Grandpa, what's going on?
-Look, I'm a hostage.
He's not a hostage,
he's a mean old bastard.
Look at my arm.
He gave the nurse a black eye.
-Don't talk that way.
-They're hiding Dora.
They're not hiding anyone.
Then where is she? Where's my wife?
Sit down. I'll find her for you.
Let's clean that off your face.
You want to look good
when you see her, don't you?
You're my favourite daughter-in-law.
You're smart and you're a good person.
That's why Jimmy loves you so much.
There you go.
Come on, Ma. Let's go find James.
You want to see pictures?
I'll show you pictures.
Grandpa?
Did you eat
all these candy bars today?
What candy?
The bastards stole my candy!
We'll get you some more.
-Where's the director?
-Down the hall.
Mikey, come with Mama.
Later. We're busy.
-I'll watch him.
-You sure?
I'll be back in a minute.
He gets disoriented,
but this isn't his usual behaviour.
That's why my husband made
arrangements with your orderly.
It isn't the orderly's responsibility
to control his diet.
If that's the care he requires,
you need a private nurse.
That isn't the kind
of care he requires.
My husband told the orderly...
...to give him one candy bar a day,
and the orderly agreed.
He said, "No problem."
Then that was Bill.
Bill always says "No problem."
What?
That's all he can say.
He can't speak English.
So can Grandpa stay?
Of course.
Thank you.
-Thanks for coming down so fast.
-No problem.
-Hi.
I arranged it
so your grandfather can stay.
I know, I heard.
You didn't have to do that.
I wanted to do it.
Let me give you a ride home.
-Don't bother.
-Fine.
DJ, time for lunch. Let's go.
Are you okay with him?
Get the hell out of here! I'm busy.
This is Steven.
This is Paulie.
They're your own little cousins.
Hi, Vince.
Hello, Ester.
I'd like you to meet my grandson.
There goes James.
James, wait a minute!
Where's he going? Maybe he's going
downstairs. I'll go and meet him.
I went to the beauty parlour.
Where's that elevator?
Here we go. Going down.
I'll just press all of these.
Hey, perfect.
I'll just hitch a ride with the fruit cups.
Here we go.
Take her away, boys!
Mikey?
-Grandpa, where's Mikey?
-He was just here.
What do you mean?
How long ago did he leave?
-I'll check the hallway.
-I'll call the police.
Which one of you dames
wants to help me find my dad?
That's Ida's grandson.
I'm in a hurry. I just saw
the yellow box go by.
Here, fella.
Go back to your grandma.
Thanks for nothing, babe.
Show the police these pictures.
-I'll check the cafeteria.
-I'll check the hall again.
I'm on the case now.
Now that is exactly what I need.
I'll be able to find him
in one of those.
Let's see if I remember this.
I better set this thing down.
Right here. That's a good spot.
Get that door open.
What was it James said?
Let's see.
I just stick this thing right in here.
There it goes!
Move the circle around,
and we're off!
-He's in the back of that car!
-Let's get the cab.
Stop!
I got this driving thing knocked.
No problem.
Move it!
There he is. Hey, James!
Look at me. I'm driving!
How about this?
Where's he going?
We'll lose them!
I'll cut them off.
-You'll lose them!
-We won't lose them!
I know this alley like
the back of my hand.
He's gone!
Mister, you had a little boy
in that car! He's my son!
I saw him in your car!
He's about this big.
He's only a year old!
This is a good place to spot them.
Mikey!
Mikey, stop!
James, is that you?
Mikey, don't move!
Hey, James! Mommy!
Here I come!
I'm coming, I'm coming.
Did you see what just happened?
Give me my baby!
Ma, did you see that?
Are you all right, honey?
Are you all right? Let me see you.
I can't believe it.
He doesn't have a scratch on him.
I'm glad I finally
got you both together.
-I'll take him to the hospital anyway.
-He's a tough kid.
Ma, I want James to be the daddy.
-Thanks for your help.
-I'll take you home.
Dada.
-He said, "Dada."
-He called you Dada.
No, I'm talking to hear myself speak.
-He thinks you're his dad.
-I spent time with him.
You've spent a lot of time with him.
He probably thinks
we'll end up together.
I hope they don't get
stuck together like that.
Should I tell them
I need a new diaper?
Nah, I'll wait.
Hi, honey.
Mikey, this is your sister, Julie.
-Say, "Hi, Julie."
-Hi, Julie.
Don't start with me.
I've had a day you wouldn't believe.
Can we talk?